What is VueJS
What are the major features of VueJS
What are the lifecycle methods of VueJS
What are the conditional directives
What is the difference between v-show and v-if directives
What is the purpose of v-for directive?
What is vue instance?
How do you achieve conditional group of elements?
How do you reuse elements with key attribute?
Why should not use if and for directives together on the same element?
Why do you need to use key attribute on for directive?
What are the array detection mutation methods?
What are the array detection non mutation methods?
What are the caveats of array changes detection?
What are the caveats of object changes detection?
How do you use for directive with a range?
How do you use for directive on template?
How do you use event handlers?
What are the event modifiers provided by vue?
What are key modifiers?
How do you define custom key modifier aliases?
What are the supported System Modifier Keys?
What are the supported Mouse Button Modifiers?
How do you implement two way binding?
What are the supported modifiers on model?
What are components and give an example?
What are props?
When component needs a single root element?
How do you communicate from child to parent using events?
How do you implement model on custom input components?
What are slots?
What is global registration in components?
Why do you need local registration?
What is the difference between local and global registration in module system?
What are possible prop types?
What is the data flow followed by props?
What are non prop attributes?
Describe about validations available for props?
How do you customize model directive for a component?
What are the possible ways to provide transitions?
What is vue router and their features?
What are the steps to use vue router and give an example?
What is dynamic route matching?
How to make router param changes as reactive?
What is route matching priority?
What are nested routes?
What are single file components?
Is Single File Components violating separation of concerns?
What are the problems solved by Single File Components?
What are filters?
What are the different ways to create filters?
How do you chain filters
Is it possible to pass parameters for filters?
What are plugins and their various services?
 How to create a plugin?
How to use a plugin?
What are mixins?
What are global mixins?
How do you use mixins in CLI?
What are the merging strategies in mixins?
What are custom options merging strategies?
What are custom directives?
How do you register directives locally?
What are the hook functions provided by directives?
What are the directive Hook Arguments?
How do you pass multiple values to a directive?
What is function shorthand in directive hooks?
What is the benefit of render functions over templates?
What is a render function?
Explain the structure of createElement with arguments
How can you write duplicate virtual nodes in a component?
List down the template equivalents in render functions?
What are functional components?
What are the similarities between VueJS and ReactJS?
What is the difference between VueJS and ReactJS?
What are the advantages of VueJS over ReactJS?
What are the advantages of ReactJS over VueJS?
What are the differences between VueJS and Angular?
What are dynamic components?
What is the purpose of keep alive tag?
What are async components?
What is the structure of async component factory?
What are inline templates?
What are X Templates?
What are recursive components?
How do you resolve circular dependencies between components?
How do you make sure vue application is CSP complaint?
What is the difference between full and runtime only builds?
List down different builds of vuejs?
How do you configure vuejs in webpack?
What is the purpose of vuejs compiler?
What is Dev Tools and its purpose?
What is the browser support of VueJS?
How do you use various CDNs?
How do you force update?
What is the purpose of vuejs once directive?
How do you access the root instance?
List out top 10 organizations using Vuejs?
What is the purpose of renderError?
How do you access parent instance?
What is vuex?
What are the major components of State Management Pattern?
How do you represent one way data flow in vuex?
What is a vuejs loader?
How do you configure vue loader in webpack?
What are asset url transform rules?
How do you work with preprocessors using vue loader?
What is scoped CSS?
Is it possible to mix both local and global styles?
How do you use deep selectors?
Is parent styles leaked into child components in scoped css?
How do you style dynamic generated content using scoped css?
Is CSS modules supported in Vuejs?
Can I use runtime builds for all templates?
How to use CSS modules in vuejs?
Can I use CSS modules for preprocessors?
Is it possible to use custom inject name for CSS modules?
What is hot reloading in vue loader?
What is the default behavior of hot reloading?
How do you disable hot reloading explicitly?
How do you use hot reloading?
What are state preservation rules in hot reloading?
How to create functional components using vue loader?
How do you access global properties of functional components?
How do you perform testing in vuejs?
How do you apply linting for css?
How do you use eslint plugin?
What is the purpose of eslint loader?
What is CSS extraction?
What are custom blocks?
What are the features of stylelint?
What are the principles for vuex application structure?
Is Vuex supports hot reloading?
What is the purpose of hotUpdate API of vuex store?
How do you test mutations?
How do you test your getters?
What is the procedure to run tests in node?
What is the procedure to run tests in browser?
What is the purpose of strict mode in vuex?
Can I use strict mode in production environment?
What is vuex plugin?
How do you mutate state in plugins?
What is vuex store?
What are the differences of vuex store and plain global object?
What is the reason not to update the state directly?
What is Single state tree?
How do you install vuex?
Do I need promise for vuex?
How do you display store state in vue components?
How do you inject store into child components?
What is mapState helper?
How do you combine local computed properties with mapState helper?
Do you need to replace entire local state with vuex?
What are vuex getters?
What is a property style access?
What is a method style access?
What is mapGetter helper?
What are mutations?
How do you commit with payload?
What is object style commit?
What are the caveats with vuex mutations?
Why mutations should be synchronous?
How do you perform mutations in components?
Is it mandatory to use constants for mutation types?
How do you perform asynchronous operations?
What are differences between mutations and actions?
Give an example usage of actions?
How do you dispatch actions?
Can you dispatch an action using payload or object?
Can I use styled components in vuejs?
How do you dispatch actions in components?
How do you compose actions?
What are modules in vuex?
What is module local state?
What is namespacing in vuex
What is the default namespace behavior in vuex?
When do you reuse modules?
What are the principles enforced by vuex?
Can I perform mutations directly in strict mode?
How to use model directive with two way computed property?
What is Vue CLI?
What are the features provided by Vue CLI?
What is instant prototyping?
How do you create project using Vue CLI?
How do you create project using GUI?
What are plugins in vue CLI?
How do you install plugins in an existing Vue CLI project?
How to access local plugins in a project?
How do you create UI plugins kind of behavior?
What are presets?
What is the versioning behavior in preset plugins?
How do you allow plugin prompts?
What are remote presets?
Can I use local presets?
What is the purpose of browserslist option?
How do you find VueJS version using API?
How do you create reactive objects
What is the purpose new slot directive?
What is the use of compile method?
What does nextTick do in VueJS?
What is async error handling?
What are Dynamic Directive Arguments?
What are the drawbacks of dynamic directive arguments?
What is the special handling for null values in dynamic directive arguments?
Can I use dynamic directive null value for slots?
What is Vue I18n plugin?
#What are the types of formatting?
What is custom formatting?
How do you handle Pluralization?
How to implement DateTime localization?
How do you implement Number localization?
How do you perform locale changing
What is Lazy loading translations?
What is the main difference between method and computed property?
What is vuetify?
How do you watch for nested data changes?
How to trigger watchers on initialization?
What is the purpose of comments option?
How to identify whether code is running on client or server?
How do you watch route object changes?
How do you sync current route in vuex store?
What are navigation guards in vue router?
Can I use computed property in another computed property?
How can I use imported constant in template section?
Is recommended to use async for computed properties?
What happens if you use duplicate field names?
Why the component data must be a function?
What is the reason for recommendation for multi-word component names?
How to use composition API in Vue2.0?
What is composition API?
What is the best way to re-render a component?